








Do you want to store full name of the receiver/sender?
Will you enter accurate data only?
Do you want to take username for the input?
Are you sure that input data is not illegal?
Do you want to store history for sending emails?
Do you want to store every complain you receive?
Are you sure that output data will not be illegal?
Are you sure that the output data is useful?
Do you want to organize those emails you receive?
Are you sure the stored data will be useful in future?
Do you want the stored data an easy access?
Will you make sure that the data is not redundant in multiple places?
Are services provided by the current system are ‘cost effective’?
Could there be a reduction in costs and/or an increase in benefits?
Do you think your budget is enough to bear the expenses of this software?
Do you want to reduce the maintenance fees of your software?
Are you willing to sell this software to other companies to maximize your profit?
Do you think this software is secure to use?
Do you think this software is free from any kind of malwares and viruses?
Are you facing any kind of decision-making errors from the software?
Do you see any errors in Processing?
Do you think the software is safe and secure for your clients?
Are you facing any kind of bugs while using the software?
Does the software get slow when you’re using it or customizing the security controls?
Do you think software have too many security controls that can slow down your processing?
Do you trust the software for your private data?
Are you worried about getting your data hacked from the software?
Do you think this software is efficient?
Are excessive data entries slowing down the software?
Do you think software have unnecessary processes? If yes, then do want to remove such
procedures?
Do you think this software is time consuming?
Is this software user-friendly?
Do you think this software requires plenty of cost to setup?
Is the software compatible with other devices with-in your work space?
Do you think we can reduce the size of the software?
Are you satisfied by the service\speed of the system?
Is the system providing inaccurate results?
Are you facing any problem\issue in sending or receiving emails?
Do you trust this system with your data?
Do you think we can make this software more user-friendly?
Are your employees finding this software easy to learn?
Do you think we should add new features in the system over the period of time?
Does the system crash in exceptional situations?
Do you think we should make the system more compatible with other devices?
Does the system lags in performance while running on different devices
simultaneously?
Does this software help you in your job or not?








